hello everyone welcome to my
my name is Lena Monique on youtube
hell and len one of today's video i
I want to show you my purchase which
made a perfume shop flyjob and
I did not send these products to the review I
I bought them myself I got all the products
which I purchased at the store and let's
let's start first i want to show you this
beautiful packaging in this package
there are 5 masks, let me show you
all masks that were in this box 1
my face mask falls off
peace on the dead sea
i will beat chocolate hot
chocolate pore cleansing mask sauna
vanilla mask sauna then fruit
cocktail raspberry and manga the next three
the product that I bought in the store
I tried them already I did a review
video is a cleansing mask film with
cucumber 2 this mask moisturizing with berries
goji
next comes a gentle scrub goes he sat down
with pink grapefruit
not the product that I purchased in
the store is a warm wax for depilation
faces with a roller applicator next
video I'll review it too
tasyaiva already tried with her back in
the gift was given to the magazine to the magazine from letual
he has such a voluminous version here
there is one probe that can
splash
now show you can take out and
put in the makeup bag and another probe
there is but he is not understood here only
can discover frame
and I'll try to look a little through
This magazine
I was given it for free I did not buy it
but such products I purchased in
Letuyal store will say more at the end of the video
where else can you buy these masks
if anyone wanted to buy masks
They are sold not only in flyuit in
At the end I will give a link and also show you
Sites where you can buy them by the way in
letuale they are very expensive
I'm sure in this regard a little bit
overdid it by giving you a check
which I received in the fly
and can see the price of each
product